today we will be taking a look at the
movie
hotel mumbai this is a disturbing movie
so beware also i'm sorry if the names
are pronounced wrong but i hope you
enjoy this movie summary
the movie starts off with some of the
terrorists on a boat listening to a man
on the phone preparing them for what
they are about to do
the terrorists arrive on shore and we it
is november 26th
2008. they call taxis over and tell the
driver the location they want to go
to we see our june here is preparing
himself
and getting ready to leave for work when
he leaves
he drops his shoe on the ground but
doesn't notice it
he takes his baby and leaves it with his
wife
he is running late for work so he
quickly leaves and makes his way to his
job
at the taj mahal hotel we see the staff
is making sure
every detail is perfect in the car
zara david the nanny and their child are
heading to the hotel
where they are staying they arrive at
the hotel
and are greeted while entering they are
taken to their room and are excited to
see how nice it is
the terrorists arrive at the train
station for their first attack
two of them go into the bathroom and
prepare their weapons
they leave the bathroom and shoot at
anyone they see in the train station
in the hotel the head chef is checking
some of the staff
to make sure they are clean and prepared
a few seconds later
arjun arrives late and with no shoes
the head chef notices this and tells him
to leave
arjun begs him to let him work and the
chef agrees
but only if he gets shoes he is able to
get an extra pair of shoes to wear
but they are small on him he is forced
to deal with the shoes
because he needs to work and support his
family
on the news we see the carnage left
behind from the terrorists at the train
station
in the kitchen the chefs are preparing
the meals for the guests in their hotel
and the head chef calls everyone around
to tell them about their important
guests he says there is another
important guest
and his name is vizilai we also see that
zara and david have decided to eat at
the hotel's restaurant
one of the hotel workers is in the
street when he gets into an argument
with a taxi driver
two of the terrorists step out of the
car and the worker tells them to keep
walking
two foreigners are in a restaurant and a
grenade is thrown
and everyone gets down two terrorists
enter the restorant and start to kill
everyone they see everyone starts to run
away from them
and they run to the taj hotel in the
hotel the nanny is seen watching the
child while
zara and david are eating people are
gathered at the door waiting to be led
into the hotel for safety
one of the workers lets everyone in
including the terrorists
a few seconds later the terrorists
prepare their weapons and start to shoot
anyone and everyone they see
in the restorant arjun tells everyone to
get down
david takes the chance to call their
nanny to tell her what's going on but
the nanny doesn't hear it because she is
taking a shower
the terrorists enter the next phase and
start making their way upstairs
the nanny then answers her phone but
before they tell her what's going on
she opens the door but it turns out to
be a bloody lady that runs into her
bathroom
a few seconds later she hears gunshots
so she quickly takes the child
and hides in a closet minutes later
two of them walk into the room in search
for the old bloody lady
eventually they leave and the nanny
takes the crying baby to the shower so
they won't hear them
she then calls dave david says he will
come to the room and help them
he leaves his wife behind and heads into
the main lobby
he sees one of the terrorists but he
quickly makes it into the elevator
the elevator opens and two of the
terrorists are about to get onto it
david hides behind trays of food only
feet away from the killers
they both walk off and david takes the
chance to close the elevator right
before they shoot him
he makes it to his room and comforts the
babysitter and his child
as you saw a man jumped out of the
building and broke his leg when he
landed
only six police officers with weapons
enter the hotel to help
at the time mumbai didn't have many
police officers
so they had to call special forces that
were hours away
in the kitchen the head chef tells the
staff that they are going to help the
guests at their hotel escape
he tells the workers that they can stay
to help or leave without shame
a few workers leave but he takes the
rest to save the guests at the hotel
in the restorant arjun tells zara and
visilai that they are planning to move
to the chamber lounge where it is
supposed to be safer
zara tells david this and he says he
will try to make it there
the babysitter is talking with her
father and she has to make up lies to
make him feel better about her safety
arjun then takes the people that were in
the restorant and starts to move them up
the stairs to the chambers
lounge a few minutes later the six
police officers
enter the hotel to help the staff and
guests
arjun makes it to the chambers lounge
and the head chef
quickly lets everyone in the six
officers are walking in the main lobby
and a few of the terrorists start
shooting which kills four of them
zara is on the phone and speaking in a
foreign language
this lady hears this and starts to cause
a scene and accuse zara of being one of
the terrorists
vizilai hears the commotion and shuts
the lady up real quick
at the front desk the terrorists and
making the staff call the rooms
and tell them that the police are at
their door
then when they open the door expecting
the police it really turns out to be the
terrorists
the head chef at the hotel hears
knocking at the doors and when he opens
it
it's a staff member with a whole line of
people and an extremely wooded person
arjun says he will try to escape and
take the wounded girl to the hospital
before she dies
david and the nanny decide to leave
their room and make their way to the
chambers lounge
where zara is at and all the while they
desperately try to keep the baby quiet
arjuna is in the stairwell when the two
remaining cops
see him and search him they then hear
gunshots
and run up the stairs to the cctv room
one of the terrorists sees david and
runs after him
the nanny and the child are able to hide
in a closet before david is taken as a
hostage
the nanny tries to get out of the closet
but she realizes she is locked in so she
breaks down crying
arjuna and the cops make it to the cctv
room and they scout out the hotel
in the chambers lounge they hear
knocking on the door
the head chef thinks it's the police and
right before he opens the door to the
terrorist
arjuna calls him and tells him it's not
the police
the terrorist hears movement so he
unloads his ak on the door and everyone
moves into the kitchen
the two cops show up shoot at the
terrorists and land a shot on one of
them but they are no match for their a
case so they quickly escape the hotel
the injured terrorist is then put in
charge to watch hostages
and we see it has been nine hours since
the first attack
zara has had enough so she decides to
leave but the head
chef stops her before she can eventually
he opens the doors and six of them leave
the lounge
a few minutes later zara and visilai are
captured by the terrorists and taken to
a room with other hostages
including david we then see one of them
light a part of the building on fire
they proceed to go back to the room and
ask vizilite for his name
he doesn't understand so they grab his
passport and find out that he was an
officer for the soviet special forces
another bomb goes off and the hotel
starts to fill with smoke
people are passing through the halls
when one of them hears a baby crying
he goes to open the closet and it's the
nanny with the child who are finally let
out
all the people are then led into the
chambers lounge by the head
chef the injured terrorist is ordered to
kill all the hostages
he starts to kill all of them and even
kills david wright in front of zara
she then starts to sing a prayer which
the terrorist understands
he thinks killing her would be a sin so
he spares her life
and walks off the terrorists break down
the chamber lounge doors with a grenade
sending everyone in a hurry to escape
out the back
chaos ensues while everyone is running
down the stairs to escape the shooters
arjun and others are able to escape
outside right as the special forces
arrive
zara breaks the window and gets rescued
a few minutes later
as you saw the final two shooters were
finally killed
zara is able to find the nanny and hug
her child while arjun does the same to
his wife and kid
the movie ends with the taj hotel
restored to its full glory
let me know what you thought of this
movie if you enjoyed this
feel free to check out my other videos
and thank you all for watching